Prepare v2205 release (#11)
cqse/teamscale-sap-abap-connector: CHANGELOG.md

# v2205

> * Fix: Missing authorization object for SAP JCo 3.1 and later
> * Fix: SCI findings messages start with "Uncategorized"
> * Fix: Wrong (outdated) transport request used for commit message
> * Fix: Unnecessary service log entries when using SE80/SCI integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Default role `/CQSE/TEAMSCALE_RFC` adds a new authorization object required for use with SAP JCo 3.1 and later
* Fix: SCI findings messages started with "Uncategorized" in some cases
* Fix: Wrong (outdated) transport request were used for commit message in some cases
* Fix: Teamscale service log contained unnecessary entries when using SE80/SCI integration
```

# v2202

> * Feature: Aggregate findings findings and test gaps for transport requests and tasks

Reviewer: I know this is not regarding this release, but I noted it just now.
```suggestion
* Feature: Aggregate findings and test gaps for transport requests and tasks
```
